Add native and erc20 fet section (#256)
fetchai/docs: docs/native_and_erc20/reconciliation.md

The [reconciliation service](https://browse-fetchhub.fetch.ai/reconciliation) has been built to restore access of the migrated funds to their owners following the stake migration to the Fetch.ai Main-net.

During the stake migration from ETH to the Fetch Main-net on September 14th, 2021, the staked funds were all migrated from the Ethereum staking contract to the Fetch.ai Main-net. However, some users decided to wait for reconciliation to access their funds after the auto-migration was complete. This resulted in users not being able to access their funds anymore. 
 
!!! warning

>     The reconciliation service is specifically for those users who opted to not use the guides to gain access to their staked funds during the stake migration. If you are unable to access your funds for any other reason, then the reconciliation service is not applicable to you and we advise you to do not fill in the form to regain access to your funds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The reconciliation service is specifically for those users who opted to not use the guides to gain access to their staked funds during the stake migration. If you are unable to access your funds for any other reason, then the reconciliation service is not applicable to you and we advise you not to fill in the form.
```

## Prerequisites

> To access to this service you will need to have access to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the reconciliation service, make sure the following conditions are satisfied:
```

Reviewer: Link `reconciliation service` with it.

> * the **Fetch wallet**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The **Fetch wallet**.
```

Reviewer: Also link to the Fetch Wallet documentation page: Fetch Wallet --> Getting started

    !!! note

>         This must have at least one transaction previously recorded on the network from your address to be able to submit the form. If you have never used it in a transaction before, the reconciliation tool and the network have no  way of knowing your wallet exists and will not allow you to complete the final submission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The address of the account on your Fetch wallet must have recorded at least one transaction on the network. If you have never made a transaction using this address before, the reconciliation tool and the network have no way of knowing your wallet exists and will not allow you to complete the final submission.
```

> * at least **1 Native FET token** in your wallet to pay the transaction fee associated with the reconciliation tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have at least **1 Native FET token** in your wallet to pay the transaction fee associated with the reconciliation tool.
```

> * your **Metamask wallet** configured with the address initially used in the original staking platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have the Metamask wallet set up and configured with the address you used in the original staking platform.
```

> Once your registered transaction is successful and your reconciliation request has been deemed valid, the funds will be automatically distributed to your main-net address on the Fetch wallet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your registered transaction is successful and your reconciliation request is deemed valid, the funds will be automatically released to the main-net address on your Fetch wallet. 
```
